hey speaking of offensive names there is
officially now one less Trump building
in New York City is having Trump's name
removed from their building Trump place
will heretofore be known as 200
Riverside Boulevard a majority of the
owners of the condo voted removed Trump
from the sign and so now Trump is gone
boy if only the government worked like
that it was needless to say Donald Trump
is not happy about this the only name
the only thing Trump wants his name
removed from is Donald jr. but his
lawyers tried to sue the building's
owners for dropping the name which is
kind of like a restaurant trying to make
you finish a bowl of soup after you find
a bandaid in it it's not but Milan I
don't know if Melania heard about the
building dropping Trump's name she's
like wait you could do that story is
interesting to me because Trump has his
name on a lot of stuff around here and
that fact inspired us to have some fun
with another landmark on the Upper West
Side we wanted to see what would happen
if we told people there was a place
where Trump's name was going up so we
set up shop outside Lincoln Center and
we told people passing by that Lincoln
Center was going to be renamed Trump
Center because he bought it and guess
what they bought it too
[Music]
we're gauging people's reaction to the
news this morning at the Trump
Organization bought Lincoln Center plans
for that they're intending to change the
name to Trump the Trump Center what ya
know why would you change it to Trump
Center because he owns it now though so
what we get senator is such a household
name I don't feel like changing the name
was kind of occurring this is the
architectural plans for what they're
gonna do with Trump Center this is the
Trump Center here what were they were
adding a food court there's a band
Express now you can see there be a Bubba
Gump shrimp company does that KFC mean
Kentucky for yes this is no I can't
agree I'm sorry
KFC happens to be a favorite of
President Trump and if they meet it it
looks like chaos he said that it would
be nice to have a fancy Italian
restaurant this is a fancy attack
tomorrow that's what the Trump
Organization had said you eat on paper
plates I don't a it's a bad idea to have
food down here because there's not a lot
of fast food down here and it might
encourage more more employment and
things like that so that's not a bad
thing how do you feel about the
arrangement that they've made to have
the Philharmonic sponsored by Mountain
Dew Code Red
I feel like I can hear Western
civilization crumbling as we speak this
is really frightening if they were to
like redo the outside and make it look
like this beautiful well don't put a
bowling alley where people come to enjoy
themselves so if somebody invited you
you would come to the bowling alley bar
yeah if someone invited me I guess
touching the bowling alley you would go
to the ball head yes yeah okay great
that sounds like quad yes that would be
nice okay we got a bowling alley
oh yeah the bowling alley oh definitely
go that's if it's affordable you know of
course they'll be so you don't like this
plan at all
I think it's trashy uh I think sleazy
uh-huh no what are your final
impressions Trump Center hope it doesn't
happen
Trump don't put hooters and Lincoln
Center
[Music]
together if you liked that video click
subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies